Software Architecture

The software architecture utilized for the project 3 design was 3-tier architecture. 
3-Tier architecture has a presentation tier, logic tier, and data tier. This allows our 
project to be seemless as a prototype with the ability to be upgraded and added to for the
following project. Each layer can be changed without affecting the functionality of all of 
the other tiers.
The presentation tier is the top most tier that allows the user to understand and interact
with the interface. For our project, this is the html display where the user can select 
the liquor that they have or would like to use. It visually displays a list that allows 
them to select what they want. 
The logic tier runs the commands and functions of the program. It controls the use of the 
data from the data tier but also controls the input from the presentation tier. In our 
project these are the functional classes of compare.js and recommendDrinks.js. Both of 
these classes take in the user input and selection from the front end then access the 
stored drinks data. There are all different comparisons and suggestions that can be made 
based on different criteria that the logic tier handles to eventually display the results 
back to the user in the presentation tier. 
The data tier is where information is stored and retrieved to be processed by the logic 
tier and then displayed back to the user interface. For our project the data tier is 
represented by the drink class. The drink class stores all of the recipes for the drinks 
to be made. It stores the drink name, alcoholic ingredients, and non alcoholic 
ingredients. The drink information is accessed during drink comparisons to find what 
drinks contain the desired alcohol. It is also accessed when looking for the drink to 
suggest to the user on the home page. 

words: 313